with a beautiful Bermuda grass surface
we're at Arizona steady I'm looking
forward to a great contest and it looks
like it's gonna be overcast for today's
game between the Arizona Wildcats and
the Oregon Ducks hi and welcome everyone
to another great college football game
brought to you by the fine folks at EA
Sports there's a step what is off almost
blocked again Jason let's it takes about
picks it up and a zone 45 goes to the
far side courtesy
if this crowd is going
joy blitzed
slap one man right we Tama throws dear
side sweet
Dixon play fake those to the endzone
nestled on his feet over the 30 35 yards
we come out of the shotgun two receivers
right one left only takes the snap back
there's plenty of time going deep down
your side
out of the shotgun
we're receivers right one left wingback
fires near side intercept
thanks for joining us for another
presentation of NCAA football 2008 and
our final score in this one the Arizona
Wildcats 34 and the Oregon Ducks 24
you